# Brain Station 23

## Introduction

Brain Station 23 is at the forefront of global digital transformation, delivering state-of-the-art technology solutions designed to propel businesses into the future. With expertise spanning software development, cloud computing, enterprise-grade mobile applications, AI and machine learning, and blockchain technology, they offer bespoke solutions that drive innovation and efficiency.


## Star Coder Interview Stages

Star Coder is an annual recruitment test for BS23. The program has 5 stages

1. **Online MCQ Exam:** Everyone who applies for the program will be given the opportunity to sit for this round.  Questions are asked from computer science subjects. The topics generally cover programming, data-algo, OOP, databases, etc. Those who do well in this exam are shortlisted for the next step. 

1. **Onsite Exam:** This round is onsite, a 2-3 hour written exam. Candidates have to take an online exam on problem solving, data algorithms, databases, etc. No internet access is given for this stage. 

1. **Day long Assessment Test:** This is an interesting round. There are various events throughout the day. Teamwork, idea generation, fun, etc. It is a lot like a hackathon. Presentations have to be given. It takes place in their office from morning to evening. Candidates can develop projects on their favorite platform. Such as Android, iOS, PHP, NodJS, etc. The projects are assigned based on the preference learnt from 2nd stage

1. **Technical Interview:** Candidates may be interviewed about the project they developed in Step 3. They may also be asked about problem solving and computer science fundamentals

1. **HR Interview**

> The information presented here is collected from the LinkedIn post of Abdullah Al Hasan vaiya (with his permission, of course).


## Online MCQ Round
The problems presented in this round is fairly basic. The format is multiple choice. 

Topics Covered are:
- Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)
- Database
- Data Structure & Algorithm
- Problem-Solving
- Output Tracing
- Analytical Ability
- Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)

<details>
<summary>
Mr. Joy is planning to build a web browser. Now he is analyzing requirements for the navigation system of his web browser, which will preserve the browsing history. What is the appropriate data structure to use for the
navigation system?
</summary>
<hr>
[Answer]
</details>

<details>
<summary>
In the following code snippet, what does the keyword 'this' refer to

```java
class Employee {
    private String name;
        public Employee(String name) {
        this.name = name;
    }
}  
```

</summary>
<hr>
[Answer]
</details>

<details>
<summary>
In a bag , there is black and red balls. The ratio of black to red is 3:7 , if we add 20 more black balls to the bag then the ratio becomes 1:2. How many red balls are there?
</summary>
<hr>
[Answer]
</details>

<details>
<summary>
which of the following is false about RDBMS (Relational Database Management System)?

- RDBMS supports concurrency control to handle multiple transactions simultaneously.
- RDBMS uses tables to store data in rows and columns.
- In RDBMS, a unique constraint prevents null values in a column.
- RDBMS ensures data integrity using ACID properties
</summary>
<hr>
[Answer]
</details>

<details>
<summary>
A train leaves station A at 7 AM with the speed of 60 kmph, and another train leaves the A station at 8 AM with the speed of 90 kmph..when will the second train catch the first train?
</summary>
<hr>
[Answer]
</details>

<details>
<summary>
What will be the output of the following code?

```cpp
#include <stdio.h>
int main() {
    int sum = 7 + 6 / 3 + 14 * 2;
    printf("%d", sum);
    return 0;
}
```
</summary>
<hr>
[Answer]
</details>

<details>
<summary>
If the area of a rectangular region is equal to the area of a square, then the perimeter of the rectangular must be
</summary>
<hr>
[Answer]
</details>

<details>
<summary>
In the context of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), which model emphasizes the continuous iteration of the development and testing phases throughout the project, accommodating changes in requirements even late in the development process?
</summary>
<hr>
[Answer]
</details>

## Onsite Coding Round
This round is a mixture of coding problems and MCQs. The topics are the same as the online MCQ round.